com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityCommonWebViewBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityCommonWebViewBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ChangePasswordBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityShowDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityShowDetailsBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/LayoutCustomeDashBoardToolbarBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.LayoutCustomeDashBoardToolbarBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/LayoutTextRowChatScreenBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.LayoutTextRowChatScreenBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/HideProfileBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.HideProfileBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ContentEditRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ContentEditRegisterBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentChatBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentChatBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/TextRowItemBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.TextRowItemBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentPersonalDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentPersonalDetailsBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/SuccessStoriesAdapterBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.SuccessStoriesAdapterBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentRegularsearchBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentRegularsearchBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentInboxBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentInboxBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/HamburgerMenuLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.HamburgerMenuLayoutBinding
com/example/matrimony/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.matrimony.BuildConfig
com/example/matrimony/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityBasicDataBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityBasicDataBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityForgetPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityForgetPasswordBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityHideProfileBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityHideProfileBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentFamilyDetaisBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentFamilyDetaisBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/SplashStartBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.SplashStartBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityMenDetailsShowBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityMenDetailsShowBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentPreferenceBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentPreferenceBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/CustomeNewSpinnerBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.CustomeNewSpinnerBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/FragmentMatrimonyidBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.FragmentMatrimonyidBinding
com/example/matrimony/databinding/ActivityEditRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.matrimony.databinding.ActivityEditRegisterBinding
